Add pagination and timeout to commitments and ack queries (#4110)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/ibc-relayer/4101-add-pagination.md

> - Implemented pagination for `query_packet_commitments` and `query_packet_acknowledgements`
>   during the scanning phase to optimize the determination of whether to spawn a packet worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Paginate results of `query_packet_commitments` and `query_packet_acknowledgements`
  queries to speed up the scanning phase.
```
